# Weather-Checking-App
This is a team project which I collaborated with 2 other teammates. Our app has two big goals. One is to provide user with detail weather report which can help them plan for a day, event, or vacation better. Another goal is to provide user with information on the best time to visit particular cities around the years. Our major problem was finding the right database and API to implement in our app. When searching for the right database and API for our app, we found a lot of them were lengthy and complicated to read which was very time consuming for us. We eventually just ended up just creating a database ourselves, retrieving data from various websites, databases, and APIs. Right now we are able to provide graphs for average temperature and rainfall for only Vancouver (as an example) because we don’t have a database for all the cities. There’s quite a bit of work left to do on the app. We need to develop our ‘VacationFinder’ feature so we can provide user with all the cities they can visit each month. Another feature we need to implement is when a user searches a city, we provide them with the information on the best time to visit that city which would we possible by creating another database. We also want to able to provide user with 5-day weather forecast. For that feature we need access to APIs which can provide us information on 5-day weather forecast. We were unable to implement APIs which provided this information because they weren’t available for free.
